Tang Ping Lying Flat Doge Whitepaper

We think it is simple really.  We will Tang Ping, Neijuan, and sometimes Zen Master.  We tried our hardest to create this token with the essence of those feelings for you.

We have uploaded a few percent of the token with liquidity into Pancake Swap and a couple other exchanges.

We will test with some wallets and send out some notices to get the word out. There is no whale holding all of the liquidity.  The plan is for a bunch of Sole fish lying flat against that ocean floor.

There is a limited supply. Some will be burned. At some point we will lock a portion of the liquidity - whatever makes sense at the time.

We will Tang Ping.

At some point we will Neijuan, take a look around and decide what is best for our community.  Maybe that is to add more liquidity, lock liquidity, burn some tokens (Everything to Nothing).  

We expect that this will be a community decision, and we will ensure that those who are with us will be given the chance to help decide.

Who developed this?  Who wrote this code?  It's simple, the best in all of his classes, the smartest, the fastest (almost), and the most educated.  But, like so many, he was always running, always trying, never gaining too much without giving everything.

Tang Ping - Lying Flat.  Well, it is not the worst that you can do.  The developer has built some of the largest buildings in his country, won awards, even saved lives: and he was Tang Ping for over a year when he was young. It is normal to stop and reset your path if you find your current path is pointless.

The developer was also a Neijuan for most of his life - always striving to reach that goal that constantly moved further away.

This cryptocurrency is a lifestyle choice, not a permanent choice.  You choose to Tang Ping, Neijuan, or Zen Master.  It's up to you.  Lying Flat for some time, then  Neijuan for a bit.  Whatever brings you and your community peace.

TPLFDOGE is FINTRAC enabled, offered by Common Use Ventures Ltd. in Canada. We think this is a strength.  If you take part in TPLFDOGE please review and keep our disclaimers, policies, and responsibilities in mind.  Tang Ping as much as you want, and know that we are trying our best here in Canada to uphold your rights on-line and in the real World.

